---
layout: post
title:  A Season in Ibiza
date:   2017-08-21 13:32:20 +0300
description: You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. # Add post description (optional)
img: Ibiza2.jpg # Add image post (optional)
tags: [Blog, Mountains, Sport]
author: # Add name author (optional)
---
This is going back five years, but is an experience I’ll never forget. It doesn’t matter the kind of person you are, I think it’s important to step out of your comfort zone and try something new. After living and working in London for almost four years, I decided to break the exhausting routine that was my life at the time. Moving out to Ibiza for the Summer was one of the best decisions I’ve ever made and taught me a lot about what I want out of life. I worked for both a private yacht trip company and a scuba diving school which meant that every single day, I was working on the harbour, five metres from the sea. I worked seven days a week and sometimes it was really hard, but simply being on ‘The White Isle’ as it’s known, made it all worth it; the sun, the music, the atmosphere and most of all, my friends. Being able to go to the beach or boat parties any time of the week, every day is different and the opportunities are always there to meet interesting people. With all that said, you need to have a thick skin to survive the season especially considering that sleep is a real luxury out there. Obviously this massively depends on where you are on the island, however if you're based in San Antonio, be prepared for the chaos that is the West End. For those looking for something a little less chaotic, then working on the other side of the island around Playa D'en Bossa will give you that perfect balance between 'party' and 'chill' time; there's definitely a bit of both. But being a tourist in Ibiza and being a season worker are two very different things, so if there's one thing you need to know, its that you need to work just as hard as you play out there. There are more workers than jobs available so if you turn up to work one day, late or hungover, then you'll be replaced in an instant. Life in Ibiza and you're experience as a whole, depends massively on being able to enjoy everything about the island, making new connections and simply respecting those who rely on you. It can either be a short lived dream or an incredible season you'll never forget. 


[jekyll-docs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/
